vide link : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jAV_1qAo5Ns
-------------------------------
[Music]
long long ago king harry ruled the city of azell. he had two children. whensean and princess mia. people were very happy in his kingdom. a lady named shell lived in his kingdom. shell had two daughters one was emma and the other one was olivia. they also went out to work. but their mother didn't like them to go to work outside. they were very unhappy to see their mother work so hard. we should also help our mother, you are right sister! but how can we help our dear mother? look olivia, last year when i was working with the magician. she granted me a wish that i could transform myself into a victory. let's try that out. i will need a pot of water and a bowl of rose petals. go get things. olivia brings all the required things. now olivia shower these rose petals over me. and i will be transformed into a very big flowering tree. you must pluck the flowers very carefully. remember you must not due to damage to any leaf or twink. okay sister. emma sits on the ground and chants a mantra. and then olivia showers the rose petals on her. and with the twinkling of the eye emma gets transformed into a big flowering tree. seeing this olivia is very happy. she carefully plucks two baskets of flowers then she pours a pot full of water on her. and then emma turns back into her original form. sister who will go to sell these flowers? let me go to sell the flowers in the city. emma tries to sell the flowers outside the palace gate. please buy some flowers. i have fresh and beautiful flowers. at that time mia hears emma's voice and she goes to her mother mother .those flowers are so beautiful a girl is selling them outside can i call her in the palace? okay dear. mia summoned some servants to call emma inside the palace. greetings your highness. did you call me in? yes i called you yes. your highness. what can i do for you? please princess mia likes these glass very much. how much are these for? what can i say? we are very poor. your highness, i will be satisfied whatever you give me. okay. the queen takes the basket of flowers and gives a bundle of gold coins to emma in return. emma returns to her home and she is very happy to get the gold coins. olivia is also very happy to see the coins. they used to gather flowers every day and sell those flowers in the market. the princess too used to buy the flowers regularly. who brings these flowers every day i have never seen such flowers. i want to see the tree bearing such flowers.  prince there's a girl who brings these flowers. every day. i'm not sure where she gets them. but yes i know where she lives. i must see the tree which bears such beautiful flowers. the prince takes his favorite horse and reaches emma's house emma and olivia are in their garden. and as usual they're doing their job of plucking flowers. and then emma returns to her original form. the princess beholds the whole side. he falls in love at the sight of emma's beauty. on returning to the palace he says to his father, father! i have seen a girl today and i like her very much. oh you fell for a girl. she is worth it. i shall talk to her family tomorrow. very kind of you father! the king called his guards and ordered them to call emma's mother. the guards go to shell's house and summons her to the palace. ima olivia come here. i have been summoned by the palace who is the flower girl. can anybody tell what is happening? olivia and emma tell the story of selling flowers to their mother. their mother feels very sad and is worried as to what might happen the next day. the next day shell goes to the palace. the king and queen were sitting by the table and were waiting for somebody. shell entered the palace. your highness what can i do for you? please have i done anything wrong? no no please have a seat. we called you today for a very special cause .yes your highness! we want to marry of our prince sean to your daughter emma. do you approve of the proposal. your highness we are very poor we are no match for you. we just want your daughter. i will take care of the rest. i'm greatly honored your highness. it's an honor to get my daughter married here. so shall i take this as a yes? gladly your highness! on an auspicious day, shawn and emma get married! emma i want you to shower the palace with a beautiful fragrant flower. what are you saying? oh i know everything you can transform yourself into a tree also. the prince and emma then go to the garden the princess showers a bowl of rose petals on her. emma turns into a beautiful flowering tree. the prince is very pleased to see this the whole palace is filled with the sweet fragrance of the flowers. princess mia used to watch this from the window. every day heart of heart she felt very jealous. one fine day she took the permission of the king and the queen to take emma out to play with her. mia you are taking her with you she is your responsibility do you get it? yes father! mia takes emma along with her to play with her friends. mia wants to show her friends how emma could transform herself into a tree. she tells emma emma come on show my friends how you can turn yourself into a flowering tree. what nonsense are you talking about mia? am i a magician or what? i know everything. do it right now. i shouldn't have come out with you. it's a grave mistake. emma then explains all the rules to mia and her friends. she wants them not to pluck leaves and break the branches. all the friends bring the required things and making emma sit on the ground. they pour the rose petals on her in a very clumsy manner. emma turns into a flowering tree. all the friends are thrilled and they start plucking the flowers. suddenly it starts raining heavily and the friends break the branches on the tree. one of the friends currently pours a pot of water over the tree. mia and all her friends run away from there. emma is left all alone bruised and crippled. finally she takes the help of a traveler. the traveller is kind enough to drop emma at her house. her mother is very upset to see her in this condition .she starts her treatment. and there in the palace. mia where is emma she didn't come back where have you left her she will come back by herself. the queen is trying to ask princess mia about emma but she's not telling anything when shawn is trying hard to find emma everywhere .but she is found nowhere. one day the prince is crossing emma's house. and there he suddenly finds her. he reaches out to her. princess you are here and i've been searching for you everywhere. but i couldn't find you. why are you here i'm not going to send my daughter with you? shell then tells the whole story to the prince. mia will have to pay for her actions i will see that she is appropriately punished. i will return to the palace only if you promise me to forgive mia. as you wish princess. the prince agrees to it and takes her back to the palace. mia begs for forgiveness. emma had already forgiven her. the king calls for the coronation of gwyn shawn and princess emma .they become the king and queen of the kingdom. king shawn takes good care of his queen. they both live a very happy life thereafter. the moral of the story is that we should always be ready to help one another but if anyone tries to play with our modesty then he should also be taught a good lesson because enduring injustice is as bad as the crime itself. 

================================================================================= 

in a far away kingdom a minister lived with his two twin daughters. despite of being twins they were very different from each other. one was named maria other was mary. how beautiful is today's day? and the scenery as well. it cannot be more beautiful than me. yes my dear sister. it's not as beautiful as you. maria was calm simple and smart from a young age .but mary was only proud of her own beauty she was selfish and stubborn. on their 19th birthday the minister held a big feast. sent invites to kings of all kingdoms and their families. all people came dressed up for this big feast. maria saw a handsome prince. mary was also looking at the same prince. look that! prince is so attractive yes he is a tractor. that prince will surely choose me why what's wrong with me? ah you know that already huh.. in the feast prince's family proposed marriage for mary. maria becomes very sad after knowing this. and she walks towards the forest as she walks her way an old magician stops her. i know, your mind is disturbed you can go to the forest. but remember to perform your duties. do all the work with hopeful behavior honesty and hard work. and never give up maria. you are very smart i believe in you. [Music] just after entering the forest she hears a weird noise. huh! after looking carefully she sees the grass is shaking. and the noise is from there. maria comes near the grass and looks at it. oh what is this? dear! how did you get caught in this trap? wait i'll get you out of it. [Music] wow! you are so beautiful you are shining just like gold. thank you so much. [Music] you can speak. yes. i am very pleased to see your kind nature. now you keep moving forward. she moves ahead. after a while in the scary forest maria starts to feel afraid. oh my god the forest is so dense. [Music] as she moves forward she sees a swan trapped in a net. oh what is this? how did you get trapped? the swarm was in agony. be calm i'll get you out of the net. maria gets the swan out of the net. as soon as the swan is out he spreads his beautiful wings. now you're free. thank you you gave me a new life by setting me free from the net. oh you also speak yes you are very generous. and selfless girl now. you keep moving forward. going forward maria sees a lifeless and brittle tree. oh no this tree is dying! looks like it needs water. [Music] she goes to a nearby river and finds a pot there. she fills the pot with water. and pours it on the tree immediately. the tree comes to life. oh what is this? oh what is happening? thank you, you gave me water. oh you can also speak yes. child you have a very big heart and you are not greedy. i am very pleased to see your kind behavior and i want to give you something as a gift. go go to that river and take a dip in it. okay as you command. maria goes forward and takes a dip in the river. as soon as she comes out she feels different. her appearance had changed. she became very beautiful. oh look! look at this but how did it happen? this is the reward for your actions. i'm so grateful to have met you. i don't know how all this happened but i am very happy. always be a happy child take one of my branch. as soon as she breaks a branch. it changed into a ring. [Music] whenever you are sad or your mind is worried then you kiss the rain. all your problems will be solved. maria sees the same magical swan on her way back. the swan was shining like a diamond from top to bottom. wow you're so beautiful. you are a simple and smart girl keep one of my feather with you. whenever you need help hold this feather and remember me. [Music] huh you're completely well now. i'm healthy i'm pleased by seeing your heart full of generosity and kindness. i was just fulfilling my duty. whenever you find yourself in a problem just call me i will come for your help. maria is happily returning home she needs the old magician on her way. maria they have given you these gifts after seeing your behavior which will help you throughout life. now return home everything will be fine maria returns to her home. huh maria how did you become so beautiful? where have you been and what is all this? an old magician sent me to the forest. mary gets greedy she goes and meets the magician. maria was sad so i sent her to the forest. you don't have any such problem. no i also want to go to the forest. ok. you can go if you want but remember do all the work with honesty. barry goes into the forest just like maria did. she also finds the deer! help me someone help me. i don't want to waste my time i have to become more beautiful as soon as possible .she ignores him and moves forward. as she goes forward she sees the swan trapped in the net but she ignores him as well. after moving ahead she finds the dying magical tree. are you the one who told my sister to take a dip in the river tell me also? where is the river i also want to become more beautiful. [Music] after listening to mary the magical tree becomes his true self and holds merry with its branches. beautiful yes yes i want to become very beautiful. what have you done in your life that can be praised. have you helped someone selflessly? have you tried to relieve someone's pain? or you have done something that helped someone get free . no. child you have come to the wrong place. first remove the negative thoughts from your mind. and live together with your loved ones. keep a positive outlook towards others. you will become beautiful own your own. mary returns straight to her home and asks her sister to forgive her for her rude behavior.
