Link of video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uh799OPo0H8

// A Lazy Son with his family.
======================================= 
there lived a tailor simon in a village called moratok. his wife sophie his three daughters stella sarah and susie were there in his family. in a few days the three daughters had their brother. simon and sophie named him robert. since he was the youngest in the family he was dear to everyone. his needs got fulfilled very quickly. his sisters took very good care of him. he was growing now. stella taught him. sarah and susie used to feed him and took care of him. when robert grew up a little bit. sophie started going to her husband's shop and started working there . seeing this stella told sophie one day, mother will you go to the shop every day? now? yes dear i will have to go otherwise how are we going to survive? mother you can go to the shop. we will take proper care of robert.Ok, i'm going to the shop ok. all three of you please don't fight with each other. yes ma! saying this, sophie goes to the shop. now sophie starts stitching clothes with her husband. simon says to sophie, sophie why did you start coming to the shop so soon? our children are very young right now. you need to take care of them. you are right but seeing your gradually increasing workload i cannot sit idle at home. that's the reason i told stella to take care and i came here. okay fine. now sofia and simon stitched clothes on the shop together. after completing their work, they stepped out to go home now. they bought some sweets while coming home. children saw sweets in their hands and became very happy and robert told si daddy, did you bring these sweets for me? yes i have got different sweets for each one of you. now simon sits with his children and sophie goes and cooks food. each child was happy to get their favorite thing. everyone goes to sleep after having food. we are very fortunate isn't it? our daughters are so sensible. yes sophie! you're right we are really very fortunate. that we have such responsible daughters. after i joined the shop all of them take care of robert and the house as well. yes this is absolutely right. come on let's sleep now. we have to wake up early and go to the shop as well. yes ,saying this simon and sophie go to sleep. the next day as usual simon wakes up early and goes to the shop and starts working there. then after some time sophie also comes to the shop. after they used to go to the shop stella took care of household responsibilities. few years passed, robert had become very lazy. he used to sleep after having meal. he didn't care about his responsibilities. after few days, robert's sisters got married and all the three of them went to their in-laws house. now robert sophie and simon lived in that house. now no one did robert's work. one day simon told rob robert how long will you sit idle at home? start doing some work or come with me and do the stitching work. daddy i don't know stitching and i am not going to stitch clothes and all. okay do whatever you feel like doing but understand one thing now we two are tired. we are not going to stay with you forever. yeah i will do something or the other. don't try to preach. come sophie, now we will take rest. he will do whatever he wants. now simon and sophie go from there. one day their eldest daughter stella came to meet them. her mother and father were very happy to see her. sophie told her daughter about robert's behavior. hearing all this, stella told her pare mom dad both of you have worked very hard all these years. now you should go on a pilgrimage and spend some time there. this will give you peace of mind and will let robert realize his mistakes. yes dear you are right. we will act this way. thinking this simon and sophie went on a pilgrimage. nobody except stella knew about this. that's why robert was worried thinking who will do his work now. then he went outside and sat there. he saw an entire family passing by on the street. then it came to his mind my family is also like this one but where did my parents go .i don't know. then among the people who were passing on the street, the eldest son took the bag from his tired father's shoulder and asked him to walk freely. robert recalls what his father had said and he got tears in his eyes. he felt that he had wrongly treated his parents. i am a very bad son. i have mistreated my parents. now when my parents will come back home. i will give them lots of happiness. i will obey whatever they will say and i will try to keep them happy always. while robert was thinking this he saw his parents coming towards him. seeing them coming home robert ran and hugged them. mom dad i have mistreated you. you were telling me for my sake but i took you wrong and blamed you. now i have come to know that i was living with a big misunderstanding. please forgive me i will start learning the work of stitching clothes on the shop from today. and i will also take the entire responsibility of the house. today onwards both of you stay home and relax. i will never let you have any complain. seeing the change in robert, simon and sophie had tears in their eyes, son you are aware of your mistakes. this is a great thing. now we don't need anything. robert today you have understood your responsibility for the first time and all this is because of my daughter. if my daughter would not have given us the idea to go on pilgrimage then perhaps you would have not realized this. now we are happy that you have understood what you have to do. hearing his mother say this, tears come to robert's eyes and robert once again asks for forgiveness from his parents, now robert starts looking after his father's entire business and carries out the responsibilities of house as well. now robert's parents were very happy.



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
The beauty of heart is more important than face.
=======================================================
 angel and emily have finished their college studies. and now both of them were working in the same company. so they traveled together. what is this? you are late by full five minutes. you know that i don't like waiting.. i'm very sorry! actually my mother is not feeling well. so i made porridge for her and got late. auntie gets sick very often nowadays. why don't you take her to a specialist? now that both the girls were old enough.. their parents were worried about their marriages. emily's mother was more worried because she was an ordinary looking girl and she had a bit dark complexion. but angel's parents were not worried as she was very beautiful. hey nancy please come here. what happened? why are you shouting like this? did you win a lottery or something? you can say that but first put that rolling pin down. i'm still scared of that thing. stop this nonsense. you have a grown up daughter and yet you behave like a child. let it aside. now start making arrangements for the marriage. what are you saying? are you getting married again? only a stupid will repeat such mistake again ?don't you know ?i am not talking about my marriage. but angel's marriage. really! my prayers have been answered. then rick shows nancy a photograph of edward. and gives her the good news. nancy was very happy after hearing this news. he's so handsome. and he lives in america. if he marries our daughter then she will be very lucky. of course !our daughter is going to live in america. tomorrow his family is coming to meet angel. you make all the necessary arrangements. yes,  he is obviously going to like angel. but she has to like him too. i will call her and tell her about this boy. angel and emily left the office. and angel wanted to eat hot dogs. emily let's go eat hot dogs! it's my treat ,what happened ?you're very happy today! yeah mother called me and said that, tomorrow a boy is coming to meet me and he is settled in america. emily was very happy to hear that. oh that's a great news. i will give ice cream treat. both of them enjoyed hot dog and ice cream. and then left for their homes. okay bye emily. will you come to my house tomorrow? i'm confused, what should i wear? your choice is very nice. please come at any cost huh. of course! i will come and i will help you in getting ready. and you don't even need makeup .you are very beautiful. the boy is going to agree to this marriage. yeah that's true. but still i have to look best. they were walking to the bus stop while chatting.. when a blind man bumped into angel and his books fell down on the road. angel got very angry due to this. what are you doing you blind fool? where are you going? you ruined my dress uh! i'm sorry ma'am .i'm really blind. you are still arguing with me. you see a beautiful girl and purposely bump into me. i know all your tricks. angel kept fighting with that blind man. but emily did not like it. angel please calm down, he did not bump into you purposely. he stumbled due to this stone, he must have lost his balance. oh yeah, he lost the balance when he saw a girl. don't take his side okay. emily picked up the books from road. and gave it to the blind man. here are your books .i'm sorry. it was our mistake too. we were talking and didn't pay attention .we are sorry. huh sorry my foot. then the blind man left. next day emily went to angel's house to help her. angel was looking very pretty. angel you are looking gorgeous .there is no chance that the boy would say no to you. yes i know that but i will miss you dea, why don't you also get married to a america settled boy and shift there. emily smiles at her face. i don't know whether i will get married or not. but i wish you all the happiness. after some time edward and his parents arrived at angel's house. please come in! you are welcome in my small house. uncle your small house is very modern. you have ac tv and sofa too. everyone laughs at his word. where is your daughter. edward selected her from the internet. and was praising her a lot. rick called his daughter. and angel came with a tray full of tea and snacks. emily also came out with her. edward's parents were very happy to see angel's beauty. your daughter is very pretty. we want a beautiful daughter-in-law just like her for our only son. come here dear take a seat, angel sat on a sofa. she became very happy when everyone was praising for her beauty. she liked edward very much. we liked your daughter. now let both of them decide. angel do you like edward? angel glanced at edward and said yes. then let's eat some sweets. one minute uncle! everyone started looking at edward. what happened son? you selected her after seeing her photo online. is there any problem? father please don't take in wrong way. but i don't want to marry angel. everyone was shocked to hear this! what happened son? is there some misunderstanding? my daughter is very special. yes, she is very special as she has very beautiful face, but what about her heart? i want to marry angel's friend emily, if she is ready for this. this confused everyone even more, what are you saying my son? why are you rejecting such a beautiful girl?  and instead you want to marry her ordinary looking friend. why? because by god's grace, i found out the truth before it's too late. what do you mean? maybe you didn't recognize me, i'm the blind man .who bummed into you yesterday at the bus stop. angel and emily remembered the last evening's incident. oh it was you! but we still didn't get, why you are rejecting angel. because yesterday's incident showed me that your daughter only looks beautiful, but she don't have beautiful nature. and to have a happy life, kind nature is more important than the beautiful face. which i found in emily and hence i want to marry her. after hearing his words angel regretted her action .she was about to cry. and emily was also shocked due to this. edward went to his knees and proposed emily in filmy style. will you marry me? everyone waited for emily's answer now. but i can't come to america with you. everyone was surprised after hearing this. may i know the reason for this? my mother is always sick and there is no one to take care of her .my father is no more. and hence i'm her only support. everyone gets emotional after hearing this. edward thought for a while,  what are you thinking about my son? father if i leave the american job and come back to india. will you be upset? his words shocked angel's parents. not at all. you can do as you wish. we'll support you. emily if i settled in india, will you marry me then? due to edward's politeness and understanding nature, emily couldn't reject him. she blushed. thank you emily. i wanted to marry a girl who is humble. kind and well-mannered. you see friends. emily's good nature gave her happiness. so one has to see a person's nature that stays with them forever. angel lost a good life partner due to her nature. so let's say goodbye i will meet you soon with another interesting story till then bye bye take care.
-------------------------------------------------------

