Videos Link : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8nrHngfEPCg

[Music]
there lived a widow sally in a village called nashville. she had a son whose name was stephen. stephen was very innocent. he loved his mother too much. they were very poor and so they couldn't even celebrate any festival. sally did household chores in other houses. one fine day! mother, you work whole day you don't find time for me. no my child, if i don't work what are we going to eat. yes ma. you are right. when i grow up. i will find a job and then there will be no need for you to work. come my son. sally hugs her son. and gets back to work .steven uses to help his mother as much as possible. he used to study hard in school. and his hard work fetched results. he used to come first in school every year. and he received scholarship from school for that reason. his studies went on with the help of that scholarship. after school, stephen used to go to work with his mother. he was so fascinated about studying that wherever he got something he used to start reading that,this is the reason why his general knowledge was quite good. one fine day, he went to harry's house with his mother. son you sit here .i will complete my work by then. yes mother you can go i will be here. okay i will be here soon. sally goes to do her work. steven starts reading a newspaper while sitting in the hall. then harry's daughter sophia comes there and seeing steven. she says, hey what are you doing? here i have come here with my mother. okay, but who told you to touch this newspaper in my house? this is mine, do you understand? oh i am just reading it. i haven't done anything to it. okay. you are quarreling with me in my house. daddy daddy! hearing her voice, harry comes there. what happened my child? why are you calling me? daddy look! he's reading my newspaper in my house. and when i asked he says i haven't done anything. hey how did you get here? who did you come with? i have come with my mother. hearing all this, sally came in the hall. what happened sir? who is this boy ?and what is he doing in my house ?sir he's my son. he was alone at the house. so i bought him here with me. mother i was just reading this newspaper. i didn't do anything mother. stephen went near sally. my son will never read newspaper in your house. that will be good for him. sally took her son. stephen and sally leave the place. after a few days results were out in steven's school. steven stood first in class 5. and harry's daughter was at the third number. that day sally went to harry's house with her son stephen. son do not touch anything here. i will complete my work early today okay. yes mother i will not touch anything. i will be back after completing my work. saying this sally went from there. stephen was standing in a corner silently .after some time sophia's few friends came to her house. everyone started having fun. and since sofia stood third in the school. she cut a cake. come friend,s let's cut the cake together. sofia and her friends started eating cake. steven was seeing all this while standing in the corner at that time. his mother came there after finishing her work. shall we go home son? we are getting late. mother i want to have the cake. come son this cake is not for us. but mother they fed the dog also with the cake. but they did not give me even one piece. no my child, when i will have money i will buy cake for my child. really mother ?yes my son come let's go home now. yes mother. now stephen and sally headed home, while going home, a young child came over to sally and told her mother. please take a lottery ticket. it is only for one rupee please buy one. mother please take a lottery ticket. okay give it. sally gives one rupee to the child and buys the ticket. and stephen and sally go home. after reaching their home sally keeps the ticket in front table . and starts doing the household chores. stephen prays to Allah, dear Allah, you always listen to everyone. please listen to me today. let the lottery hit for me. the next day after finishing her household chores. she took stephen to harry's house. that day too, steven saw a newspaper but he remembered what happened last time. so he stood in a corner quietly. then harry's daughter sofia came there and told him. hey stephen come here. collect my toys and keep it in a place. coming,, [Music] how much time do you take? sofia sat on the sofa. and started reading the newspaper .she saw a lottery ticket there .and said to her father daddy1 i told you yesterday to buy a lottery ticket, but you did not buy one. see! number one one two two three has hit the lottery daddy. okay fine, i will buy you one tomorrow. here daddy saying this, sofia got busy reading the newspaper. then steven took out the lottery ticket he had with him and saw the number on it. he saw the same number that was in the newspaper. he immediately called his mother. mother please come fast! hearing steven's voice sally came out quickly. she saw the lottery ticket in stephen's hand .and said what happened? stephen? why did you call me? mother we got the lottery? now you don't need to work. what steven ?is it true? yes mother this is true .and now we will not have to work in any rich man's house. let's go mother. yes, let's go. sir i will be back. saying this sally and her son stephen went from there. sofia and harry watched them. with the help of the money through the lottery ticket, sally built a good house fulfilled all the needs of her son. she also brought his favorite cake. now sally didn't need to work and she started living happily with her son. from this story we learn that we should not make fun of anyone's poverty. give respect to everyone.

===================================================
robert was a poor but talented worker. he used to live with his wife kelly and daughter rachel. robert worked very hard to survive. kelly was a very intelligent woman. that was the reason they were very happy even with very little money. julie's exams were starting in a few days. daddy! my exams are starting next month. okay dear, do your best. daddy! what would you gift me if i get first rank in class. if you get first frank in the class then i will take you to a hotel for your birthday and buy you a dosa okay. yay now i will definitely get the first rank. robert was really happy to see her excited face at that moment. kelly enters. why did you have to say something like this? she will get her hopes high. i have saved some money that would be enough. don't worry about it. i will take care of everything. robert started doing extra work and started earning more. somehow he arranged to save 200 rupees. his daughter's exam result was next month and her birthday was the next day from it. on the day of the result rachel got ready in the morning and went to school. she came back with a big smile on her face. robert asked rachel, why is my princess so happy today? did you get the first rank in the class? yes daddy, how did you know? a father always knows everything. daddy! now you have to take me to a hotel for a treat. yes why not? we will go tomorrow okay now i have to go to work. robert goes back to work and applies for relief for the next day. and takes his daughter to a hotel. waiter, can you show me the menu card? yes sir, here you go. thank you! robert was shocked to see the price of dosa on the menu card, which was 150 rupees, but he wanted to fulfill his daughter's wishes. waiter can you come here please. yes sir! what's your order? can you bring us one dosa with some chutney and sambar? yes sir, anything else? that's enough. after the waiter leaves robert checks the 200 rupees in his pocket and puts it back. at that moment the man sitting next to them sees this. after some time the waiter serves them the dosa. daddy this is just one dosa. you did not order for yourself. actually your mother has prepared some food for me. i will eat that only you eat your dosa. okay daddy . the young man alan sitting next to them was watching all of this. what a father! he came to the hotel for his daughter's happiness .and he isn't eating anything because he doesn't have money. i got the first rank in exams and now i'm eating dosa as well. yes my princess all your wishes should come true and stay happy always that's all we wish for. now don't waste time and finish your dosa. thank you daddy, the dosa is really delicious. you should also eat some. you eat it. i'm not feeling well i will eat at home only. okay. watching this allen got emotional, he went to the hotel's counter and told the manager take this money and get that man a dosa. if he asks just tell them that it is free from the hotel okay. yes i'll do it. but what happened? why are you paying their bill? allen tells everything to the manager. take your money back sir. we will celebrate her birthday nicely. everything will be from the hotel. don't worry about it. the manager orders another dosa for their table. watching this robert gets shocked. sir i haven't ordered this dosa. please take this back. sir the dosa is from the hotel. you enjoy it. sir i don't want to eat this dosa here. i will take this home and will share this with my wife. can you pack this please? no sir this is for you. we have packed more for you to take home. you eat here only. thank you sir. robert and rachel eat the dosa with great enjoyment .and go to the manager to pay for it. what are you doing? everything is free for you today from the hotel .it's a special treat. but why? your daughter got the first rank in school and today is her birthday too that's why. and take these sweets as well. give them to all the children nearby. celebrate your birthday nicely. thank you sir. it's because of you that i can celebrate my daughter's birthday nicely. why are you thanking me? now go home and celebrate your daughter's birthday. yes sir. now i will leave. robert happily came back with a joyful mood. see kelly, what our daughter got today? huh where did you get all these things? robert tells everything to kelly. you know our daughter is really lucky. she gets whatever she asks for. it was her wish to celebrate her birthday with her friends. now see we have a cake and sweets too. now i can invite all her friends and celebrate my darling daughter's birthday. and just like that robert and gilly gather all her friends and celebrate their daughter's birthday nicely. the moral of the story is that there are a lot of needy people in the world and we should help them. a small gesture can bring great joy to them.


-------------------------------------------------------------

 there was a farmer named gary. one day he was working in his farm. suddenly! he found a pot full of gold in the field which was filled with gold coins. oh! pot of gold! i am so lucky. katie will be so happy when i'll show her. but just as he thinks about katie, he feels a little scared, no no! if i tell katie, she will spread the news to the entire village. we found a part of gold in our farm! we found a pot of gold in our farm! oh my god !no no this should not happen, but how will i hide this from katie? i cannot take this big part all alone. i will have to find a solution. gary then covered the pot with soil. and reached home thinking about that matter. today you're home early? i'm feeling hungry serve the food quickly. katie served the food but gary was not focusing on eating. uh katie i'm not hungry, i will go to the market. that's very strange, just now you said you were hungry. are you okay? uh yes yes. i'm fine i'll be back late. you have your dinner and go to sleep. gary then goes to the market. he buys some fish. and some cans of red color. he goes to his farm with those things. i should get to work now. gary now mixes the red color in water. and waters the farm with it. and then he spreads the fish all over the farm. [Music] hmm.. now it's fine. that night he reaches his home very late. oh! she's asleep. katie... katie... get up katie.. i have to tell you something. ho! come fast. huh, what happened? you came very late today. there is something. come with me to the farm. right now it's late night. let's go in the morning. no kitty, let's go right now. it has rained in our farm. how is this possible? it did not rain here. sky is also clear. oh dear! that is the point. it has rained only in her farm. and that too not an ordinary rain. it was rain of fish. there are plenty of fish in her farm. which dropped from the sky. fish rain! are you feeling okay? i'm absolutely fine. kitty, now come with me. with the lantern in their hand. they both reached the farm. see katie this wasn't an ordinary rain. it was raining red from the sky. i have filled this water in a pot. when katie saw fish all over the farm. she was astonished! she could see red spots here and there in the farm. oh yes! there are so many fishes spread here. how did this happen? this looks like a miracle! let's take the part filled with water home. but this is a secret and so don't tell this to anyone. why will i tell anyone? with katie's help gary brings home the pot filled with gold. next morning before katie wakes up, gary hit the pot in the courtyard of his home. when katie woke up she came to gary asking about the pot. listen where have you kept the pot? pot? which part? the one we brought from our farm last night. some of the neighbors hear katie talking. they all come near and gather around asking her about the pot. what which part? did you find a pot of gold? what is in the pot? did you find a treasure? oh no no there is nothing of that kind. she must have dreamed last night. i haven't dreamt anything. why do you lie.? we brought a big bot last night from our farm yesterday night. yes yesterday night. you know yesterday. it rained very heavily in our farm. but yesterday it didn't rain here. that is the point. it rained only in our farm. and that too was not an ordinary rain. it rained red water from sky. and you know plenty of fish also dropped from the sky on our farm. the pot was filled with that red water only. and everybody started laughing when katie said this. the rain of fish. is this really possible? he has really gone mad sister you must have had some dream. come let's go we wasted our time. fish rain! crazy women. oh oh please stop. i'm telling the truth. oh it really rained fish in our farm. now you please say something i told you. you must have had some dream. now let it go .kitty please serve the breakfast. i am getting late for the farm. did i really dreamt last night? looking at his wife going inside with a confused mind, gary smiles. secret should remain secret. otherwise why would we call it so?


---------------------------------------------------------------
 he will never know. yes father, come dear, i have to tell you something very important, sure tell me father. i have grown old tried to civilize him. but i could not improve him i feel that some lazy ghost has possessed him. daughter i give you the responsibility to drive away that lazy ghost. this was thomas's last wish. since then mia started working on improving david. at first she thought that if she would help her husband in the fields. then david might also feel like working hard .so she started going to the field with her husband. early in the morning both of them would start working together but david would soon feel lazy. and he would sleep in the shadow of a tree. and poor mia would work all alone. then mia started thinking. no this trick is not working. i will have to find another way. at the same time an announcement was made in the village. government is going to distribute free seats tomorrow morning at nine at the government office. anyone who wants can come to the office and take free seats. after listening to this mia went to her husband. please go to the government office tomorrow. morning. but why because the government is giving free seeds. free. knowing that it's free david's eyes had a different glue which mia noticed. oh yes free of cost next day. david was standing first in the queue at the government office. david come home with the seeds. mia mia you brought the seeds? yes see and it's free. mia started listening to david very carefully .and then she got an idea. next day mia came to david. government has made more announcement. are they giving free seeds again? no they will give bulls. what bulls? that is good this will decrease my workload to almost half. tell me where do i have to go. but this is not that easy right. government has announced that anyone who grows one ton of grain in the next three months will get the bulls. one ton what's the big deal! our field is so big that we can grow five tons of grain, but who will do the hard work ?you don't like to work right. but we will get two bulls and then we don't need to work. thereafter since that day, david started working hard in the fields every day. he used to blow throughout the day. and water the fields. after one month the seedling sprouted and slowly the fields began to sway. david continued his hard work. after three months david started harvesting them .after a few days his field had big stalks of grain. look mia, this must be more than one ton right. yes much more. now tell me where do i have to go? nowhere. the buyers will come here themselves. next day a merchant came and gave one lakh rupees in cash. to mia mia was very happy seeing the money. she went to the market straight away and bought two bulls. and came home with the bulls listen dear. wow such strong bulls and that too free. not for free you have earned them. what yes i lied to you. but because of that you worked so hard. and grew three tons of grains. i got one lakh rupees for three tons of grain. and out of that only i bought two bullocks for ten thousand. one lakh rupees! yes and here is remaining ninety thousand. david couldn't believe his eyes. he had never seen so much money before. from the next day david started farming with his bulls .he had turned from a lazy person to a hard working person. because he had understood that by working hard he can achieve whatever he wants. did you see father? i fulfilled your last wish by kicking out the lazy ghost.
